Minimal igM Deposits IgM Deposits

   

(Left) Trace mesangh
sometimes be seen in MCD.
When 2+ lgM is present along
with electron-dense deposits
by electron microscopy (EM),
some categorize the lesion as
(gM nephropathy. (Right) In
MCD, there can be mesangial
staining for !gM, asin this
ase, which some might
categorize as IgM
nephropathy BB. This may be
‘associated with decreased
responsiveness to steroids

 

 

   

  

Negative 1g Glomerular ¢3
(Left) in MCD, little orno
immunoglobulin is typically
present. In this case of MCD,
‘no IgA is detected inthe
‘glomerulus aside from a few
faint granules that are
probably protein reabsorption
droplets in the podocyte BX
(Right) This patient with MCD
has more prominent C3 in the
s. Most is probabl
yte reabsorption
droplets, and some isin the
mesangium. The arterial w
3, « common,
nonspecific finding

 

 

 

   

 

 

 

(Left) Proximal tubules show
‘abundant reabsorption
droplets t

inthis h MCD.

 

 
  

commonly found as w
‘may be the only
by IF. (Right) The tubules in
MCD may have frequent
resorption droplets, some of
which are clear 3 on EM,
representing lipid vacuoles,
and some of which are
electron-dense BB,
droplets.

This