Minimal Change Disease

 

(Left) This patient with McD
shows expansion of the cell
body surface area, a classic
feature of the podocyte
‘reaction to heavy proteinuria
‘hat produces villous
hypertrophy = Foot
processes are effaced, and the
GBM is normal. (Right) Patient
with MCD has swollen
podocytes Ei but only patchy
Foot process effacement in
this capillary.

(Left) in MCD, the mesangium
an be mildly expanded with
«cellular debris E31 Vague
densities BB may be present
although these are not
considered evidence of an
immune complex-mediated
disorder but rather of
nonspecific entrapment.
(Right) This specimen is from
‘an 18-year-old man who
presented with nephrotic
‘syndrome due to MCD
‘associated with
retroperitoneal masses, later
shown to be Hodgkin disease,
Lymphoma isa cause of MCD
but usually remits wich
‘remission ofthe (ymphoma.

(Left) A 68-year-old woman
presented with 3.49
protein/day and edema
‘associated with NSAIDs. Acute
interstitial nephritis was also
‘present. Drugs, especially
NSAIDs, are associated with
MCD. (Right) A $-year-oldgirt
with nephrotic syndrome was
treated successfully with
corticosteroids and biopsied
when the proteinuria was in
‘emission. EM shows complete
recovery of foot processes E31