Collapsing Glomerulopathy

  
 
       
   
      

Bridging Epithelial Cells From Tuft to
Capsule Mitosis
(eft) CG with a
pseudocrescentic tuft
‘adhesion is shown. This
‘glomerulus has prominent
‘reactive epithelial cells
bridging 1 glomerular tuft
‘and Bowman capsule. (Right)
CCispresent ina 74-year-old
white man with nephrotic
syndrome. Severe vascular
disease was present and may
have contributed. An
unidentified cell isin mitosis
a

Peeceoter Et)

     
       
   
   
      
    

 

      

Segmental IgM Segmental C3,

   

(Left) Segmental igh is
commonly present in all forms
Of FSGS, including CC, as
illustrated here BX While this
{s generally regarded as

"nonspecific trapping, there is
some recent experimental
evidence that lM is necessary
for the development of FSCS.
(Right) Segmental C3 His
commonly present in all
variants of FSGS, including the
collapsing variant. Other
jimmunoreactants are
generally absent or minimally
detected.

Reabsorption Droplets in Visceral Large Reabsorption Droplets in Visceral
Epithelial Cells
(Left) Prominent large protein
reabsorption droplets reactive
for albumin are commonly
present in CG. Immunoglobulin
‘and complement components
can also be present in these
droplets and should not be
‘mistaken for immune
‘complexes. (Right) This
collapsed glomerulus -5}has
prominent epithetiat
proliferation with protein
reabsorption droplets E31